I'm the owner here. What do you want to pack?
Instead, what are you standing here trying to do?
Wu Qianqian, we are divorced.
Don't come to my house and steal anything
What? I went to your house to steal something.
It doesn't matter when you lose, you gambler
This is Genting Heavenly Palace
Don't say it's you
Even the Shi family may not be eligible to buy it.
Local chicken tile bone
What are you talking about?
Are you courting death?
I said you're a trash corpse
Where do you get the qualifications to evaluate them?
You are fucking courting death
Who is making a fuss in my Genting Heavenly Palace?
Hello boss
Who are you talking about?
Miss Aristocrat
Ouch, mom, does it even need to be said?
I must be here to welcome my brother
My good mommy
My good sister
I didn't expect that I just became the real estate manager of the family
This lady came to see me in person
Then I'll go see Director Xu first
You don't have to talk nonsense with these trash
Hi, hello lady.
I am He Daquai
What's that?
Don't dare to judge my senior sister
So, what do you do?
Can't you see that my brother and Miss Shi are unhappy?
What are you doing?
Do you know who I am?
You blind thing
My daughter is usually the future daughter-in-law of the family
You don't want to die
You let her go